# 6-ways-to-deal-with-diabetes-and-live-a-healthy-life-Franch-Global
Diabetes is a disorder that affects over 77 million people in India. Today is World Diabetes Day, and as we create awareness for this issue, it is necessary to know that diabetes is not a disease but merely a disorder that one can learn to live with, with proper care and small changes in their lifestyle.  The theme of this World Diabetes Day is “access to diabetes care”, an initiative to provide millions with the chance to fight this disorder. A similar thought was put into creating the Franch Diafite Powder, an ayurvedic supplement made with natural ingredients that helps regulate high sugar levels.  Anyone who is dealing with Diabetes must always remember the acronym, TRACK –  T – take your medicines properly R – regularly exercise A – add natural food and herbs to your diet C – control your ABCs – A1C, Blood Pressure, &amp; Cholesterol levels K – kick any bad habits like smoking, alcohol &amp; aerated beverage consumption Apart from this, here are 7 other ways to improve your lifestyle as you deal with diabetes.  Boost immunity to avoid severe illnesses High sugar levels are a threat to your immune system, and people with diabetes are at a high risk of being critically affected by Covid 19. Naturally building immunity with food that helps build resistance to external viruses is a holistic way of improving your chances to live a quality lifestyle. Adding Yoghurt to your diet is a great way to boost your immune system as yoghurt (curd) is packed with probiotics, which are healthy bacterias that stimulate white blood cells and increase Vitamin D levels in the body. Ginger and garlic aren’t just India’s favourite seasoning but also great for improving heart health and reducing cholesterol levels. Vitamin C rich foods like sweet potatoes, butternut squash, tomatoes, broccoli, cauliflower, red bell peppers, and kiwi protect against cardiovascular diseases, excessive inflammation, and cancer.  Add natural supplements to your diet While consuming a balanced diet is crucial for a healthy lifestyle, sometimes it is hard to ensure you eat right, especially if you are a working individual. For times like this, natural supplements make up for your lack of proper diet. Our natural Franch Diafite Powder has over 15 ingredients to help nourish you with proteins, carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals, and fibre. The star ingredients are fenugreek (methi), turmeric, aloe vera, and neem, which help combat diabetes while improving your immunity. Franch Diafite Powder also helps to avoid colon problems, rectal problems, and bowel disorders.  Keep your stress levels in check One of the ways to destress is to take a deep breath and relive the mind of everything troubling you. Meditation is a great way to declutter your mind and to feel a sense of calm. A good night’s sleep is crucial to having a healthy mind, body, and soul. Whenever you feel stressed try and apply the 4 A’s method for stress relief  Avoid – plan ahead to avoid any complications. Take control of your surroundings, if something stresses you out, understand what it is and try to overcome it by finding an alternative solution. For instance, if you get stressed by traffic, start early to avoid it or look for alternative route options that might not be as busy as your usual one. Learn to say no regardless of how difficult it is, you will feel much better later. Plan your schedule ahead in terms of importance and don’t feel shy to push some less important work to the next day if you are running behind schedule.  Alter – Another way to destress is to change the way you react to things. If something is bothering you, speak to someone about it. Another thing that can help is stating your boundaries in advance and adhering to it. For instance, if someone comes to you with more work, let them you need time or what is already on your plate and inform them that you will get it done at a more suitable time.  Accept – sometimes it’s better to accept the cards we are dealt with and move on from them. One way to ease this transition is by talking to someone about what you are going through. Practising positive self-talk is another great way to overcome any inhibitions and to feel better.  Adapt – on some days you might need to adjust and adapt to the situation at hand. Chant mantras like “I can handle it”, “I have it in me to overcome this”, can help boost positive stimulation in the mind. Ask yourself “will it matter in 5 years?” and if the answer is no, then there is no point stressing about it. To know more: https://franchglobal.com/6-ways-to-deal-with-diabetes-and-live-a-healthy-life/
